Clarify that exclusions can be specified without any match domains (#264)
tfpauly/privacy-proxy: draft-ietf-intarea-proxy-config.md

| JSON Key | Optional | Description | Type | Example |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| matchDomains | Yes | An array of DNS zones or subdomains that can be accessed over this proxy | Array of Strings | [ "example.com" ] |

> | excludeDomains | Yes | An array of DNS zones or subdomains that cannot be accessed over this proxy. If matchDomains is specfied excludeDomains should be more specific domains of entries in the matchDomains array | Array of Strings | [ "public.example.com" ] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| excludeDomains | Yes | An array of DNS zones or subdomains that cannot be accessed over this proxy. If matchDomains is specfied, excludeDomains should list more specific domains within entries in the matchDomains array | Array of Strings | [ "public.example.com" ] |
```

When present in a PvD Additional Information dictionary that is retrieved for a proxy
as described in {{proxy-pvd}}, domains in the `matchDomains` array indicate specific zones
that are accessible using the proxy. If a hostname is not included in the enumerated
zones, then a client SHOULD assume that the hostname will not be accessible through the
proxy. If a hostname is included in the `excludeDomains` array, then the client SHOULD NOT

> access it through the proxy. The excludeDomains parameter can be present even if matchDomains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
access it through the proxy. The `excludeDomains` parameter can be present even if `matchDomains`
```

> is omitted. That means the client should assume that all domains except the domains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is omitted. When this is the case, the client assumes that all domains except the domains
```
